[DOCS] Revises required privileges info in Anomaly Detection API docs (#72483)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ml/anomaly-detection/apis/preview-datafeed.asciidoc

[[ml-preview-datafeed-prereqs]]
== {api-prereq-title}

> Requires the `monitor_ml` cluster privilege. This privilege is included in the 
> `machine_learning_user` built-in role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Requires the following privileges:
 ** cluster: `manage_ml` (the `machine_learning_admin` built-in role grants this 
   privilege)
 ** source index configured in the {dfeed}: `read````
